 Hey, this is Brian from Fullstack Egg.
 I'm going to show you how to install Papeless NGX and Papeless Egg to a digital ocean droplet.
 And by the end of this video, you'll have a working document archive.
 You can search using AI.
 I'm going to start on paperless.fullstack.egg and I'm going to use the button to deploy to
 digital ocean.
 You don't have to use our button, you can just create a droplet manually.
 The button just sets a couple of defaults for you.
 So I'm going to scroll past the region and you can see that Ubuntu is selected for us
 and we have a basic droplet with a regular CPU and 4GB of memory.
 And for authentication, I'm going to use my SSH key that I have already added to digital
 ocean and this will allow me to securely log into the server without typing a password
 in every time.
 You can click add SSH key and digital ocean has instructions for how to generate the
 SSH key on your computer and get the key added to digital ocean.
 And finally we need to give our droplet a name, I'm going to call my paperless video.
 So now we have a droplet that is going to cost us $24 a month and we'll go ahead and
 hit create.
 This will take a minute to spin up so I'll fast forward and here it is ready and we have
 our IP address.
 So to connect to our new server, we will copy the IP address and open up a terminal and
 we will type SSH root at and paste the IP address.
 I'll hit return and if it asks about a fingerprint, I'll type yes and now we're logged into our
 server and now we get to do the fun part.
 We're going to go to paperless.fullstack.egg and copy the install script and we'll go back
 to our terminal where we're logged into our server and we'll paste the script and run
 it.
 The script is going to ask us a few questions.
 So the install directory, the default is fine.
 We'll choose our username and password to log into paperless and if you have a domain
 name you're going to point at your digital option droplet, you can enter it here otherwise
 you can skip it and just access it by the IP address.
 So now the script is pulling down all the pieces and starting everything up.
 This will take a few minutes and I'll just skip ahead here and we're done.
 The script tells us everything we need.
 Here's the URL to access paperless and here are the details we'll need later to connect
 to Cloud and I'll just save these somewhere and let me make sure it's working.
 I'm going to open my browser, go to my server's IP address with the port 8000 and I'll log
 in with the username and password I just set up and there it is, paperless is running.
 And to get started I can just drag and drop a PDF right into the browser and paperless
 is going to process it, read the text and add it to my archive and our search add-on
 will automatically pick it up as well.
 And be sure to check out our video about what we added to paperless, our paperless
 egg add-on and in that video we show you how to connect paperless to Cloud and make queries
 using just plain English and that's the whole thing.
 I've got a searchable document archive that you can access from anywhere and you're in
 full control of your own data.
 So I found you how easy this is to get set up on digital ocean but you might not want
 to pay $24 a month for this.
 So in another video I'm going to show you how to install this on a Raspberry Pi.
 The Raspberry Pi you'll need will cost you around $200 but it'll save you almost $300
 a year so go ahead and check that video out as well and thanks for watching.
